Remove csrf doc and add info about SameSite attribute (#998)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/configurations/shopware.md

# Shopware configurations

## Overview

> These security, performance or structural configurations are specific to shopware 6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section guides on the security, performance or structural configurations specific to Shopware 6.
```
